Updated contributing guidelines to suggest use of Draft PRs. (#10125)
netdata/netdata: CONTRIBUTING.md

### PR approval process

Each PR automatically [requires a review](https://help.github.com/articles/about-required-reviews-for-pull-requests/) from the code owners specified in `.github/CODEOWNERS`. Depending on the files contained in your PR, several people may be needed to approve it.

We also have a series of automated checks running, such as linters to check code quality and QA tests. If you get an error or warning in any of those checks, you will need to click on the link included in the check to identify the root cause, so you can fix it.

> If you wish to open a PR but are not quite ready for the code to be reviewed, you can open it as a Draft PR (click the dropdown on the 'Create PR' button and select 'Draft PR'). This will prevent reviewers from being notified initially so that you can keep working on the PR. Once you’re ready, you can click the 'Ready for Review' button near the bottom of the PR to mark it ready and notify the relevant reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to open a PR but are not quite ready for the code to be reviewed, you can open it as a Draft PR (click the dropdown on the **Create PR** button and select **Draft PR**). This will prevent reviewers from being notified initially so that you can keep working on the PR. Once you're ready, you can click the **Ready for Review** button near the bottom of the PR to mark it ready and notify the relevant reviewers.
```
